{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 https://drive.google.com/open?id=1--7VemBMog02Uw_PKvLb5UcZXiLOtGlZ\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The google drive link above contains Matlab doc dataset based on 1330 simulation runs of a CFD reservoir 2-phase model containing oil and water. Each runs goes for 4000 days with intervals of 8 days. Each 502 set of rows represent a separate simulation run. \
\
- Variable \'91Dataset\'92 contains all 1330 simulation runs stacked on top of each other\
- Variable \'91ICVrecord\'92 contains 1330 rows and 3 columns where each row represents the three ICV values chosen (units of ft2 Area) to perform each of the 1330 simulation runs shown in \'91Dataset\'92, respectively\
- Variable \'91X\'92 can be used as the input variable and it contains time (column 1) and ICV settings (columns 2-4). Note that it has the same number of rows as \'91Dataset\'92 where each 502 rows represent a single simulation run (Note that ICV settings do not change over each 502 rows since they are truly fixed for that particular simulation run)\
- Variable \'91y\'92 contains the corresponding output data and can be used to build the ML algorithm along with the input \'91X\'92. Note that the \'91y\'92 columns represent: cumulative oil production as measured on surface in bbl (col 1), cumulative water production as measure on surface in bbl (col 2), cumulative oil flow rate across each ICV in bbl (cols 3-5). \
\
WAY FORWARD: use X and y (start with surface production data only for now: columns 1 and 2) for building an ML algorithm. You will have to split them up to training and testing data (and maybe validation?). Use random split-up for now, except that each 502 should be treated as one run. To do a random split of the 502-row simulation runs, you can simply use the function randi in Matlab to get random numbers from 1 to 1330  that represent the simulation runs you want for training or testing, for instance. Then use this random vector to extract these runs form the X and y variables where each simulation run represents 502 rows. \
\
Cheers }